bidet model c 577 is the next step
harman kardon aside
innovative multimedia systems
high performance 5
Class D amplifiers allow you to develop
power 65 watts per channel at 6th
model supports all major codecs
including hd audio and can scale
standard definition video up to 1080p
user-friendly menu intuitive
interface
facilitate the management and configuration of the model
acoustics auto calibration system
makes it easy to make friends with speakers
rooms for wireless streaming
playing audio from mobile devices
Air-play function is also provided.
integrated bluetooth module
supported protocol d l s n e
according to which trouble with 577
can play audio video and photo
stored on pc or servers us
local network with internet connection
website content becomes available
youtube and picasso services are supported
entrances to the back of the case 3h them and
3d-enabled component
coaxial 2 optical lan interface
outputs 1 hd mace
Ersy subwoofer connection
acoustics designed five pairs of screw
terminals
there is an input for and to the receiver trigger
output and jack for f em antenna receiver
can work with virtually any
by impedance matching
speaker unit is a
universal entertainment center and
provides great quality
sound and images